today we are doing some tech upgrades
we're fitting out the studio with a dope
main gear custom PC but hi this is
actually Sarah from the past unboxing a
very important piece of tech for this
office because I couldn't wait until
this episode wow thanks for your work in
it yeah
[Music]
okay so let's say hey guys what's up and
making a youtube video I'm talking to
you does this light make me miss give me
a nice oh wow oh oh you just turn off
the remote lowest I can go holding it
Wow
dr. future Sarah who is about to go
check out her new main gear PC
[Music]
hi hello how are you gonna stick a
camera in your face immediately
no problem I'm used to it to New Jersey
yes Sarah
[Music]
I'm here at main gear HQ with Wallace
now you might be familiar with main gear
because we did a podcast recently which
was amazing you can check out that
episode on the creative exchange but
Wallace why am I here today we're here
to unveil the peachy f1 31 I can't wait
to show it to you excited so I've been
on my macbook a lot recently I've had
another PC that I've been using but I've
been holding out for this moment you're
gonna give me a little tour absolutely
of main gear here in New Jersey and then
the big the idea behind main gear was
essentially a place that I would want to
work right so I'm starting from the way
the aesthetics of the building to the
colors to the actual mechanic carts we
have automotive inspirations right where
you know think of like a Ferrari shop
and that's the idea except for building
PC system get kidding actually these are
orders that have to get built right and
then we get the system and that we
assign it to a technician technician
we'll build it from beginning to end
right so it's one man one machine but
then a second technician will go and
double check the work and basically
check off on the work right and then and
then goes through a testing process
you're where we've engineered everything
from the racks to the actual wave their
systems are tested we've built these
these racks from Home Depot there's a
really home depot racks and we put these
rails on there so with you we're able to
actually slide the system out service it
so for example for testing and there's
bad memory
you saw the computer out we changed the
memory slide it back in testing process
what begins again right and
here we're actually essentially flashing
windows in a few minutes and we have a
proprietary testing suite that we were
testing basically CPU the memory the GPU
everything at once to make sure that it
would probably be the most stress in
system whatever go-to because usually if
you're playing a game you're stress
testing just a GPU right if you're
running calculations you're just on the
CPU so it's very rare to do everything
at the same time we're doing it here and
we're trying to basic essential e trying
to break it here before it allows you
that way we found the bad part replace
it retest it passes and we ran it out we
ship everything with that what we call
any bloatware so there's no garbage
software or anything you wouldn't want
on the PC just what you need to get it
to run and to be as fast as possible if
there's a paint job will literally wax
it every system gets a new car scent so
that way when you when you're about your
main gear system there's a distinctive
smell couple of things that people
remember is you know tastes smells music
right the things that should kind of
stick with you like number one I was
hearing that song remember that scent or
whatever that's kind of the idea so it's
an experience write the out of box
experience with every computer you get
get this you know this little box here
but here you get a note for me you know
thank you for joining the family etc
right you'll get a mousepad and you get
your original CDs and a couple different
stickers and stuff like that bag swag
exactly most of the people that are
working here would probably be doing
this as a hobby in their basement if
they weren't doing as a job yeah it was
pretty cool ran with this laser machine
so if you want to basically add serial
number edging on the side of the system
for the companies or even like artwork
for like let's say your avatar or
something right we can put it on the
side of the system and then now we have
a color version of
of Mark which we call mark mark I see
where you can apply any type of artwork
on the actual side chats on the side
panel so clumpiness is pretty cool this
is what with all the painting all the
painting gets done in house just like a
spa that's painted right so we have a
down Josh spray booth and we'll spray it
just like our little bacon just like
this is essentially a big oven any color
that you can imagine we can actually
make some painted here so I've had
customers that one of the computer
Devils like the color of like a 1960s
car and what it matches the team so I
will full making a station here okay
it's time for the reveal this is so
exciting I'm trying to shoot 4k trying
to make 4k videos but the laptop really
can't handle it I've gone through a
couple pcs but the thing is you know
I've been building out my office so I
don't just want a beast of a computer
but it has to be beautiful very
functional too right so like when you
throw a bunch of high-end hardware in
the chassis especially on smaller
chassis you tend to get a lot of that
noise and the acoustics tend to kick up
so in this case you know you realize is
that it's it's beautiful
it's also functional and it's gonna be
very very quiet very comfortable to use
yes oh my god home to show it to you and
this has been like it's been about a
month of designing it right like where
you wanted your own design your own
colors I own colors good peachy vibes oh
my gosh should we just do it should we
go for it let's do it
can you fluff it out it's the moment
we've been waiting for
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow I like it how she's really excited
about pharmacy customized I love I mean
this is that 131 just a quick intro for
the people who don't know what the
system is essentially the F filter the
one was the first computer where we
designed the chassis and the cooling
system together this allowed us to
create a more efficient PC if you look
at the width of it it's actually pretty
pretty slim yeah
it's essentially a small form-factor PC
without the compromises of a small form
factor so f 131 chassis grounds up
design with Apex FX is basically you
know the whole cooling system can right
and what we did is we we reinvented
cooling in a way where we made
everything in one right so you have the
reservoir it's pressure regulated its
evenly distributing cool water into the
CPU and the GPU the same time if you
notice it's actually on hmm well you
don't hear right so yeah it's it's super
quiet and and this allows us to create a
physics engineer a better cooling system
it's quieter it's gonna last you longer
so perform better you know the CPUs are
designed to throttle right if it's under
load and it's kind of hot and because of
CPU and the GPU get freshly at the same
time they'll have their problems the
radiator literally starts from here all
the way at the end so there's no wasted
space there and it's just expelling all
the hot air to the fountain right so
normally he rises or radiates radiates
in this case it's already appeared and
it's just the fans are just a little you
know just pushing back - right yeah on
your desk you know we like to say our
pcs are not good to go on your desk
they're good to go on because you really
want to show it off it's a conversation
piece and somebody goes to like your
studio or your bedroom or your office
people just what is
that's yeah thank you so much thanks for
showing us how it happens behind the
scenes guys check out mangu she's main
gear comm check out major comm just look
out for us and you social network remain
here ok let's see how this fits into
peachy enterprises guys back to the
office feel like a little kid with a new
very powerful toy but it helps me do my
job
so bonus points oh my god I'm like giddy
here's the thing because this is so
beautiful and I don't have a lot of desk
space with my PC setup I either have to
find like a really cool-looking maybe
like marble slab side table to have it
propped up because I want to show this
off like it can't be underneath my desk
you know the initial idea was to have
the final office tour for you guys
literally like tomorrow but this is the
last thing I got to figure out I want to
make sure it's a perfect for you so make
sure you have your notifications turn on
the AUSA's tour that has everyone
talking premiering in just 2 days
Sunday 6 p.m. Eastern Standard Oh the
caption let's go
I mean is basically just gonna be a
normal office for but it's the finale of
my dream office I hope you guys have
been enjoying this series so I'm excited
I'm so stoked for this check out main
gear dinosaur table as well as aperture
tech they make amazing lights and I'm
actually using the 120 D right now to
just kind of fill some light on to my
person and yeah it might seem crazy but
I still have a lot to show you
in the final office tour so stick around
once I get this up and running I think
I'm gonna do an entirely different video
that's maybe more of a review or my
thoughts on it a month down the road but
I want to just get working on it so I
will have thoughts to share with you
guys but until next time stay peachy
okay bye
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]